Are you sure?
Sneaky in by our Jiang Bay Group.
How can something go wrong?
With the words of General Director Jiang, I am assured.
General Director
General Director Li sought me to comply.
Of course, I want to lend you a helping hand, I know that Hang Thai lacks funds.
I can help you.
But I'd like to sign a betting agreement with Hengtai.
Betting is impossible.
Why don't the CEO refuse to release the fund, I'm willing to pay it in full.
If Hengtai can win this time
I didn't take anything.
This money is considered a friend.
On the contrary, what about Hengtai real estate that belongs to me?
Director General Li, this is not a small amount of money.
I know if you don't have faith
Of course I expect a win-win outcome.
Yes, if Director General Li is so generous.
This Agreement
We've signed.